bill Dickerson here with Southwest Kia
welcome to our virtual dealership and I
hope you find the following information
informative hi folks welcome to
Southwest Kia my name is Tom Hall like
to introduce you to the newest kid on
the block
this is his 2011 Forte now a Forte comes
today not only in a 5-door hatchback but
a four-door sedan the amenities
basically exactly the same these
vehicles in the hatchback version give
us an opportunity now to be able to
carry longer loads and actually work as
a little more of a workhorse for people
but it's amazing you look at this car
you don't think anything like workhorse
you think fun of course with the 4 take
what you're going to receive is the
all-new 2.0 and 2.4 liter four-cylinder
engines both of these engines are going
to deliver you not only great fuel
economy
absolutely phenomenal fuel economy but
they're also going to be able to give
you power you have a hundred and fifty
six horsepower in the two liter engine
and you have a hundred and seventy-three
horses in the in the larger 2.4 liter
both of these are dual overhead cam both
of these engines carry dual ctvt
technology but it's not just the power
of the vehicle it's the look of the
vehicle the versatility of the vehicle
and when you get up front
you will notice that this is an
extremely good-looking vehicle
walk with me let's take a look you know
this vehicle doesn't look like an
economy car in fact when you take a look
at the way that the hood has been melded
into the front quarter panels giving you
the ability just to draw air across the
vehicle you have to say well it's going
to be fuel-efficient but it's incredibly
good-looking at the same time the grille
is of course Kia's prominent you grill
which of course is the tiger No
Grill which as we've already said is the
countenance of a Crouching Tiger as it
prepares to leap on its prey but look at
the headlamps everything seems to mell
to gether and then sweep around the side
of the vehicle giving the ability of
course to make the vehicle look
aggressive it's a very elegant look very
very stately and if you'll notice this
is covered by what they refer to as
lexan this is Lex and plastic is
actually designed to resist damage now
of course you want it to last for a long
time and with Kia's vaunted 10 year
100,000 mile powertrain warranty you
know the vehicles going to be around for
years to come but of course there's also
the 5 year 60,000 mile bumper-to-bumper
warranty that's a limited warranty that
virtually covers everything on the
vehicle with the exception of wear items
there's also a 5 year 60,000 mile
roadside assistance program that is
designed to help you in the event that
you have a flat tire dead battery lock
your keys in the car or any issue or
concern where you need immediate
assistance all you have to do is make
one phone call 24 hours a day 7 days a
week for five years or 60,000 miles
and of course a lot of that is going to
be inside the vehicle so why don't you
come with me so I can show you how
comfortable you're about to be for that
five years or ten year period you know
as with any Kia whenever you first sit
down one of the things that you
immediately noticed is that this has to
be one of the most economically
efficient environments that you've ever
seen everything is so close to the
steering wheel it's within fingers reach
you can operate so many of these
components without taking your hand away
from the steering wheel and of course
what that simply means is that you'll be
able to drive
vehicle safely keeping an eye on traffic
in front of you changing channels on
your radio turning on and off your
cruise control even working your
Bluetooth can be done while your hands
remain on the steering wheel a lot about
this vehicle but I think you're really
truly going to love but you know it's
more than just the cruise control and
the Bluetooth your stereo system on the
vehicle an extremely nice stereo system
this is an am/fm CD with Sirius
satellite you get three months free of
Sirius satellite radio and the auxilary
button well this is designed to help you
move right into your iPod the vehicle is
just loaded power windows power door
locks tilt wheel telescopic wheel cruise
control and when you look at the gauges
everything is so clean it's just so easy
to read everything and of course having
the ability to operate everything while
your hands remain on the steering wheel
just makes the vehicle so safe but also
so comfortable a lot of things about
this vehicle that I think you will enjoy
one of the things that I do believe that
we need to talk about though is you
coming down to Southwest Kia getting in
the cockpit driving this vehicle and
feeling what the brand new Forte
delivers well that sort of wraps up our
little mini tour of the 2011 Kia Forte
but it just begins your opportunity what
we would like is we'd like to invite you
down to Southwest Kia take a short test
drive set behind the wheel experience
what I've experienced look at this
vehicle and enjoy this video you know
that Southwest Kia we would like to see
you in a Southwest Kia now the thing
that I want to offer is what bill always
tells
if I can't beat a new car key I deal in
taxes I'm just gonna give it to you